Releases and Trademarks
Tanya Santos avatar
Written by Tanya Santos
Updated over a week ago
Photographers who upload their photos to Unsplash grant users a free copyright license to their photos. A copyright license doesn’t mean that photo can be used for every kind of use, and further approvals may be required. Just like any other photo sharing or stock photography site, other legal rights should be considered related to how the photo will be used. 

For people, places, and things, there are rights of privacy and publicity, access rights, trademarks, and copyright for what’s depicted within the photo.
   
Commercial use considerations: 
- Recognizable people, including celebrities, have the right to profit from 
commercial use of their name, image and likeness as well as the right to 
object to their name, image or likeness being used without approval.  
- Private property, restricted access areas, and ticketed entry 
locations often have photo shoot policies and specific release 
requirements for commercial uses.
- Objects that appear in the photo may have copyright or trademark 
protection that prohibit use of the photo without permission (for example,
a person wearing a t-shirt with a brand logo on it).
 
While photographers agree that photos uploaded to Unsplash have model 
releases, there is no reasonable way for us to monitor all photos that get uploaded 
to Unsplash. We cannot make any guarantees about the scope of permitted uses. 

We recommend reaching out to the photographer to clarify whether they have a 
model or property release. You can do this directly via the ‘message’ button on the 
photographer’s profile. 


For more information, please see our Terms & Conditions. 

License
Unsplash photos are made to be used freely. Our license reflects that.

All photos can be downloaded and used for free
Commercial and non-commercial purposes
No permission needed (though attribution is appreciated!)
What is not permitted 👎
Photos cannot be sold without significant modification.
Compiling photos from Unsplash to replicate a similar or competing service.

Longform
Unsplash grants you an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide copyright license to download, copy, modify, distribute, perform, and use photos from Unsplash for free, including for commercial purposes, without permission from or attributing the photographer or Unsplash. This license does not include the right to compile photos from Unsplash to replicate a similar or competing service.

Questions? Read our FAQ